hey Carl there's two cars on the list
essay and they're in the showroom across
town let's go get on there always it
Marge or the record pro child break okay
let's go get those wheels I like this
place you know where San Fierro man my
home will always be the videos and L
corona but this city it has something
gentle about it yeah I know what you
mean Kendall seemed to like it too no oh
yeah she's really getting her head into
this business thing that's good she
always been a brain to the clan just get
out together we'll make something of
herself I think she's aiming to make
something out all of us she
is she the moms in the family now hey
will this truth guy who owns I don't
think he's wrapped too tight he just
sees every day from a different
perspective that's all at first I
thought he was just another a stochastic
okay some of the things in sight no no
man it ain't no fool hey you gonna
become an alien hunter hold I'll take a
rain check on now
here we go hose there in the second for
a showroom ah great why is nothing ever
easy can I help you two gentlemen yeah
you can help us by going to help some
other motherfucker yeah that sounds like
a good idea all right CJ it's time to
roll follow the leader you better keep
up
ah you a maniac si
what fucking market yeah read you loud
and clear come on 50k people with in the
field follow make the thrill of the
he'll be some short the king
we have got a mosquito
hello cap with subway
ever
hey watch this when I grow
let's all be down the hill
and appreciate death
okay season that's enough fun let's get
these cars back to the bra okay hello
the world
oh oh can we think about getting back so
I end up in a car wrecks barbecue day
off
Oh
the rest of the world is infested far
tap it back out on back up back up
my god
my thing man okay
mr. ever good thing back at the garage
military professionals thing
situation